/**
 * file: karbytes_03_november_2023.txt
 * type: plain-text
 * date: 03_NOVEMBER_2023
 * author: karbytes
 * license: PUBLIC_DOMAIN 
 */

I was hesitant to write this particular journal entry until I decided that it might be the last thing I need to write which would give me the sense of "closure" I need to be nonambiguously committed to being of the adult male human gender and not of the adult female human gender. Quite frankly, I am tired of calling attention to something as trivial and arbitrary as gender because, compared to topics which I think are orders of magnitude more deserving of my attention and investment, gender is irrelevant to me. As far as I can presently discern, gender only seems to be relevant in contexts where sexual reproduction and combat roles are required. In such contexts, a woman's worth (with respect to human society) is giving birth to and caring for the future members of society while those members are too inexperienced, physically immature, and exceptionally gullible within the confines of insular domestic spaces. Meanwhile, a man's worth (with respect to human society) within such contexts is to acquire material assets and access to fertile women to impregnate and carry on his genetic lineage while he ventures outside the gilded prison where women and children are relegated to study and manipulate the very fabric of reality himself, to "invent" physics, ethics, government, technology, and art. (If women are allowed to participate in such things, they typically only do so with explicit permission and support from the adult males of the community and not to the extent that the woman might seriously outperform the men).

Last night I saw an article pop up in my Mozilla Pocket "news" aggregator (which usually features content I think is personally irrelevant but, what seems to me to be approximately 30% of the time, content which is actually what I would consider to be personally relevant) about Britney Spear's newly released memoir. The article was actually a podcast (and I listed to the whole thing assuming I would have plenty of mobile AT&T data to do so). What I remember about that particular listening session was how explicit yet nonchalant the (all female) podcast hosts sounded when they talked about how Britney was treated like a helpless and insane little girl by a patriarchal society that expected her to be a simpleton who performed on command, put up with being in a very restrictive conservatorship, and, like many women who resist gender conformity (according to the patriarchy's dictates) too boldly are often institutionalized against their at mental hospitals (and prescribed lithium) as a way to discourage such dissent and noncompliance. (More than three years ago I too have been institutionalized at mental hospitals and forced to take antipsychotics and mood stabilizers against my will and only allowed to be discharged from the hospital if and when my parents decided they were ready to pick me up (and I was institutionalized after vandalizing property at home after feeling very upset by how ignored and trivialized and daresay ganged up on and bullied I felt by generally everyone I knew). I daresay that people in my midst were deliberately trying to stress me out and prevent me from calming down and being able to make progress towards my goals because they would act indifferent to my goals to my face but, seemingly as soon as I left their sight, they would act like they have to stalk me and be covertly controlling. That is probably the main reason I avoid going home. I have the sense that people there want me to be incarcerated long term and prevented from becoming and remaining financially independent, focused on my academics and hobbies, and engaging in whatever else gives me a sense of intrinsic value in continuing to exist and, god forbid, in taking care of myself without acting apologetic for doing so). 

What I want to suggest is that there is something wrong with being a woman (unless one does not mind being that psychologically and daresay physiologically destitute and/or one only assumes the role of a traditional conservative women part time while being a self-sovereign and unecumbered man most of the time). According to pig_gorl (an exemplar of traditional conservative femininity), women are supposed to be, compared to men, overly emotional, underly rational, unathletic, obsessed with superficial appearance while not looking much better than her male counterparts who, despite not fretting about their superficial appearance (fat content especially), end up looking and feeling relatively pretty good about their body images, and extremely intellectually underdeveloped. Women are assumed to have too much "math anxiety" to excel in science and engineering subjects until and unless they go against the grain to prove their competence in such fields. Apparently they are assumed to tire easily of subjects which are not as contrived as what a six year old girl homeschooled by a high school dropout living on welfare would be interested in: fashion, formulaic romance, and, perhaps most of all, getting self esteem primarily from being complimented by males who admire her for her sexed up physical appearance. I used to think more highly of women in general until I dealt with more women who reminded me of pig_gorl during the span of five years than I thought I would ever encounter throughout my lifetime. What I meant to say is that I thought my impression of women would be just as wholesome as it used to be before I started getting harassed nonstop by "civillian cops" and government employees acting like my oppressors and opposition. I was horrified and disgusted to realize that most of those chauvinst's women exude what I think is Stockholm Syndrome to the patriarchy because I have seen so few women advertise anything other than their conformity to the patriarchy: marriage to a man, pregnancy and child-rearing, and the very limited array of options for what they do other than wifely and motherly duties: go out drinking, clubbing, and caking themselves in gaudy makeup and clown attire while being unfunny and unclever as fuck. They make noises and expressions which accentuates their vapidity and all-consuming preoccupation with being little more than a sex object who definitely needs a man in order to survive.

I do not bother trying to get people to call me a specific name nor gender pronoun. Sometimes people refer to me as a sir. Other times people refer to me as a mam. I figured that I will always appear to be somewhat gender ambiguous despite preferring to identify and physically appear as more man than woman (though I still feel no incentive to try to get the court to grant me a legal sex classification change nor to have my genitalia surgically reconfigured to appear more like a penis and testicles than a vulva because I seem to only seriously require that I be on testosterone to feel that I am expressing my preferred gender (and my thoughts and behavior defy traditional gender and cultural stereotypes which makes people rightfully assume that I am using gender fluidity to get more out of society than I would if I were relegated only to one gender at all times)). That is why I take testosterone: to look and feel as sexy to myself as I can be (which makes living more fun for me than if I "settled" for remaining estrogen-dominant instead of testosterone-dominant). I have not had a menstrual cycle in over one year and my body shape, metabolism, and mood (and internal priority metrics) have shifted more in line what what my aspirations are and quite frankly always have been. I never truly felt at any point in my life than motherhood nor being as feminine as my female peers were was something I wanted. Instead, those were things I have always been secretly or not so secretly disgusted by. At the same time, I was almost just as disgusted at how the rowdy boys were acting and did not ever consider them to be my homies. I have been a loner throughout the vast majority of my life and I expect that trend to continue. It is a good thing for me to be more solitary than what is considered to be socially normal or even healthy by most people. That is because, when I can spend the vast majority of my time alone and not having to financially nor emotionally support a spouse or child, I can devote orders of magnitude more of my time, energy, and economic resources into doing what is most relevant to my goals. I figure that plenty of other humans will birth and raise offspring so that I do not have to (and even if there was a shortage of births sufficient to keep the human population from going extinct due to old age, I still would likely not offer myself as a vessel to impregnate (which makes me evil in many people's eyes and deserving of being tied to a post to be set on fire and left to burn to death)). 

I think the sanest human females assume the role of men in their lives instead of outsourcing that role to someone other than themselves (but such women are probably hated on the most by society because they do not pander to the all-important men whom they are supposed to always play second fiddle to rather than as a formidable competitor in a prestigious male-dominated field. Rather than plead like a whimpering little girl for other people to listen to what I have to say and take my side, I decided to give up on those people and assume that generations younger than mine will not balk at what I have written because such people are exposed to more cultural and informational diversity from a young age than any prior generation (and, the more exposure to diverse cultures and knowledge a person is, the more likely that person is to be politically liberal instead of politically conservative). So I am basically treating most people like a lost cause until they prove otherwise. Some cities are more liberal than others are. 

What I noticed about pig_gorl and those who remind me of her is that she is always in a combative mood because, unlike men, she cannot do anything by herself. Instead, she needs someone else to be interacting with her at all times for her to feel that she has something worthwhile and socially appropriate to do. She needs someone other than herself to be the center of attention; lest she be outed as being criminally self focused. Being calm, rational, and introverted is for the men in her life; not for her. She need not posture as a person of authority and importance. What she is obliged to do is behave like a gregarious, affectionate, animated, soft-spoken, small-worded, baby-talking, slow-moving, skinny but flabby adult in a body with childish proportions so as to not look nor sound intimidating as an adult male human is expected to be. 

(What pig_gorl does seemingly as her job is surveil me 24 hours per day, 7 days per week in order to prevent me from getting "carried away with" trains of thought which could lead to something revolutionary compared to the banal, repetitive, depressive, slumber-inducing trains of thought pig_gorl condones and insists that I be cut off by constantly. It is important to pig_gorl that I be portrayed to society as someone who is not fit to govern itself and hence needs some thought police overlord other than myself such as pig_gorl to restrict my thoughts and movements only to what she and the patriarchy is comfortable with (and all they seem to be comfortable with me doing is rotting in a punitive coma for the rest of my life while appearing to be awake and minimally functional as someone who appears to be unable to take care of itself and who needs to be in the custody of some designated conservator who confiscates my belongings, money, and daresay even body as that conservator sees fit (and hardly anyone takes offense at such a notion because they most likely enable it and would rather distract themselves from that truth than outright admit it to themselves and to others)).

(I have literally been told by pig_gorl many times that, according to her, I am only "allowed" to think, behave, and look like an impatient, unfocused, narcissistic, vain, and lazy gold digger. I think associates of pig_gorl have been so desperate to paint me as what I described in the previous sentence that they literally would go out of their way to offer me a job and employ me for one week before firing me without telling me that I was doing anything wrong until the very last minute (on the phone while I am not at work during the weekend) despite my supervisors telling me that I was doing a good job packing the boxes. What I am literally saying is that defendants of the patriarchy are so loyal to the patriarchy that they would rather bait-and-switch me and outright lie to me and about me than allow me to make an honest living going to a job and doing as I am told because such people are not serious when they tell women that they can achieve their dreams and be strong, smart, brave, and independent. I get the sense that many non-science majoring women are brainwashed by "therapy culture" into telling themselves and each other that it is okay to be mentally fragile and incompetent at doing the bare minimum because they deserve to be cherished and protected just for being women. A woman who cannot support herself is a prisoner or a pet at best. That is why the word "bitch" irks me so. I do not like referring to women as companion animals of a species which is not allowed to leave the home without being leashed to a chaperone who dictates where they go and for how long and a species which has been domesticated through selective breeding (much like women) to be extremely loyal to and dependent on that chaperone to the extent that the bitch has no sense of purpose in life other than earning the approval of its owner to the extent that it would die of starvation waiting in one spot for its owner to return).

I do think that the gap between males and females in terms of athletic and intellectual ability can be closed entirely due to bioengineering if not intensive training. I do mean to suggest that I think that the traits which survived in women are the traits which made them look like waifs with only a prepubescent child's upper body strength and, simultaneously, able to incubate and deliver a hoard of babies due to having a disproportionately large pelvis compared to the upper body. Such stark differences between men and women make it easy to quickly assess whether an adult human is a baby maker or else a participant in more worldly matters than sex, child rearing, and base survival tasks. The women take care of the menial aspects of life so that the men can focus on the loftier aspects. That is considered to be a fair and equal trade by many but not by me. 

Make of this silly drivel what you will. I hope it is the last time I feel obliged to feature pig_gorl and what she seems to stand for so prominently on my platform.

"You're the only one holding yourself back," is what I heard pig_gorl say within the past two minutes of writing this sentence. Earlier today and this week I remember her saying what sounded like the opposite such as, "It's not all about you, bitch. You need to shut the fuck up and stop spending so much time in public. You need to spend more time at home socializing with your family as a woman and not as a man. You are harassing your ex boyfriend by acting like you and him can have and excel at the same interests. His career and education is more important than yours will ever be because you're just a bum who has to wait for other people to tell you what to do and to give you the tools you need to make anything good happen for yourself. You cannot do it by yourself. You are not allowed to listen to your own thoughts. They are too deep for you. Listen to me instead. Shut up and get over yourself. You have nothing to say and nothing to do. Get out of the way and rot in place where you are not so much of a disturbance to those who matter more than you do..." (and she says that all in her characteristic falsetto whimpering which sounds as tepid as it does irate; sulking, mewling, terse, taunting, subtly sarcastic, babyish, and attention-seeking mooing sounds (yet so many people seem to adore such qualities and prefer to have me annihilated so that those traits continue to define what the standard woman is)).

Bottom Line: I strongly prefer to be as non-prejudiced as possible and to be as unencumbered with cultural conditioning as possible so that I can construct and maintain a mental model of reality which is as comprehensive and accurate as possible rather than confined to surrealism or to ideology. Reflected in that is how my personal ideology has the built-in agenda to preserve the mechanism which wrote that ideology into existence and which renders that ideology comprehensible each time symbols which encode most if not all of that ideology's essential logic is decoded by that information processing mechanism. In other words, everything I do has the built-in purpose of maintaining my existence as a finite information processing agent and proprietor of that ideology (which has been codified most directly as the entire website named Karlina Object dot WordPress dot Com).

(If I cease to exist, the ideology I wrote arguably ceases to exist as well (unless information processing agents other than myself are able to comprehend that ideology as I intended that ideology to be comprehended by any and all audiences (with the implicit request that those information processing agents make an effort to preserve the digital files which constitute the intellectual property referred to as the website named Karlina Object dot WordPress dot Com))).

(If all physical substrates in which that intellectual property is inscribed cease to exist forever after a certain point in time, then I can say that my greatest legacy (i.e. that ideology) has been permanently annihilated (at least within the context of one universe (which may ultimately attain peak entropy and hence have within it no distinguishable informational nor physical structures))).

(If all physical substrates in which that intellectual property is inscribed cease to exist after a certain point in time which is finite in length, then I can say that my greatest legacy (i.e. that ideology) has been resurrected somewhere in time from the vantage of nature itself).

(I currently subscribe to an ontological belief system which assumes that all imaginable space-time continuums (and the phenomena which precipitate inside of them) are always concurring as static objects and that the set of all of such space-time continuums is what I refer to as an all-encompassing multiverse. Whether or not nature is configured as I described in the previous sentence, holding such ontological assumptions helps me feel better about what I experience subjectively as localized impermanence of phenomena).

Bottom Bottom Line: This is a stream-of-consciousness piece of prose which, if modified from its original draft at all, was only modified to correct syntax errors and to add CSS formatting and hyperlinks. This piece of writing functions as a fossil record of what my mind was shaped like and how it was behaving (as a spatially and temporally finite, solipsistic (according to itself), and matter-based information processing agent) during a specific space-time interval within the multiverse (or universe if literally nothing exists beyond the universe I appear to be inhabiting and apparently cohabitating with other information processing agents of the same species as I am).

* * *

Bonus Content:

karbytes_0: "Is expressing my gratitude for something the same thing as implicitly begging to be spared harm?"

karbytes_1: "Not necessarily. Expressing gratitude for something could be a reflexive and impulsive response to being intensely delighted by something which takes you by surprise."

karbytes_0: "What is the point of telling some person other than myself a compliment such as congratulating them for doing a good job on something they put effort into doing and actually doing a high-quality job of by my standards?"

karbytes_1: "Complimenting someone (especially in the example you provided) might be a way of relieving that person of the private suffering they were, up until the moment you complimented them, experiencing as a result of not being given positive feedback (or any feedback for that matter) about something they put effort into doing and care about doing as well as possible. Issuing someone a compliment might make that person feel better. Hence, by issuing a person a well-deserved compliment to someone who enjoys such a compliment increases the net happiness of your encompassing universe (which I thought was part of your mission in life: to increase the net happiness throughout the universe (which may or may not include decreasing the net misery throughout that universe))."

karbytes_0: "It is hard for me to measure the net happiness or the net misery of the universe I inhabit given that I appear to only have direct access to my own personal subjective experiences and not to any other person's subjective experiences. I can only make assumptions about what goes on in the minds of people other than myself (or even whether or not other people are anything more than holographic projections which appear to be human but are really actually non-sentient automatons. Hence, I will never be as intimate with other people's (hypothetical) experiences as I am with my own experiences. I will still carry on as though those other people are as sentient and as agential as I am for the sake of not getting punished by the system in ways I find to be seriously detrimental to my goals. To be clear, I intend to avoid engaging in violence unless I am cornered by an assailant and feel that I am in immediate physical danger."

karbytes_1: "That sounds like an effective means to carry on with your life: assuming that what appear to be other humans in your environment are roughly as sentient and as agential as you are. As you might recall from what you recently researched about how medical anesthetization works, administering anesthesia does not eliminate the pain. Instead, what the anesthetics do is garble up communication between various regions of the central processing nervous system so that the subjective experience of pain is not registered by the patient. Related to this idea is the fact that so-called lower lifeforms which are sufficiently non-complex in terms of their central processing nervous systems (such as ants, bacteria, and plants) do not experience suffering the way more complex lifeforms such as a human or chicken would experience if subject to physical injury."

karbytes_0: "Thank you karbytes_1 for helping me better understand how sentience and suffering are not necessarily as uniform and intense as I might have previously worried they were. I still prefer to adhere to a vegan diet, to avoid committing acts of violence or vandalism, and to avoid killing bugs."

karbytes_1: "If I were to mimic how you have seen chatGPT react to you thanking it for generating a response, I would not respond to your latest message. I appreciate your thoughts, but like the chatGPT, compliments and kind words towards me from others does not cause any discernible affect change in me."
